So now let's talk about AWS Shields.
And Shield is a service to protect yourself
from DDoS attacks.
What is DDoS?
Well, it's a distributed denial of service.
And the idea is that your infrastructure
is going to suddenly receive many, many requests
at the same time
from a lot of computers all around the world.
And so the goal of it is to overwhelm
and overload your infrastructure.
And this way your infrastructure cannot serve
your real users
and this is what it's called a distributed denial
of service.
So we can protect against it,
so we have the AWS Shield Standard service.
It's a free service,
it's already activated for every customer of AWS
and is going to give you protection from attacks
such as the SYN or UDP floods or any reflection attack
or other layer 3, or layer 4 attacks.
And if you want to get advanced protection,
you can use the AWS Shield Advanced service.
So this is an optional DDoS mitigation service.
It costs around 3,000 per month per organization.
And the idea is that you're going to get protected
against more sophisticated DDoS attacks
on Amazon EC2, Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon CloudFront,
the Global Accelerator and Route 53.
It also gives you 24/7 access
to the AWS DDoS response team.
So in case you get attacked,
you will have someone to help you
and get you along the way.
In case you are incurring higher fees
because you are also being attacked,
this Shield Advance protects you from these higher fees.
And this Shield Advance has an automatic application layer,
DDoS mitigation, and it's going to mean
that it's automatically going to create and evaluate
and deploy WAF rules to mitigate layer 7 attacks.
So automatically your web application firewall
will have rules to help you mitigate these attacks,
DDoS attacks if they happen at the layer 7, which is great.
So let's say for this lecture, I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.